The future is no more uncertain than the present.
Walt Whitman

Creative people are often found either disagreeable or intimidating by mediocrities.
Criss Jami

The wise learn many things from their enemies.
Aristophanes

Adults are just children who earn money.
Kenneth Branagh

You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, expect to win.
Arnold Schwarzenegger

You cannot always control what goes on outside. But you can always control what goes on inside. 
Wayne Dyer

If you care about someone enough, you'll always be there for them no matter what.
Roy T. Bennett

Success is within the reach of just about everyone.
Lolly Daskal

Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand.
Bob Proctor

You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it.
Paulo Coelho

The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life.
Confucius

Do what is right, not what is easy, nor what is popular.
Roy T. Bennett

It's much better to do good in a way that no one knows anything about it.
Leo Tolstoy

It's not the men in your life that matters, it's the life in your men.
Mae West

When people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other.
Eric Hoffer

It matters not who you love, where you love, why you love, when you love or how you love, it matters only that you love.
John Lennon

It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
Epictetus

The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Bruce Lee

One of the oldest human needs is having someone to wonder where you are when you don't come home at night. 
Margaret Mead

Often in the real world, it's not the smart that get ahead, but the bold.
Robert Kiyosaki

Genius is the ability to act rightly without precedent - the power to do the right thing the first time.
Elbert Hubbard

Never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it.
Stephen Hawking

When you change what you believe, you change what you do.
Spencer Johnson

Words are the clothing of our thoughts.
Jonathan Swift

If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.
John Carmack

To live is to be willing to die over and over again.
Pema Chodron

We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.
Seneca

Numbing the pain for a while will only make it worse when you finally feel it.
Albus Dumbledore

No one returns from a long journey the same person they were before.
Zen Proverb

Exceptional thinkers ignore their critics and go about their business making history.
John Eliot

Getting lost along your path is a part of finding the path you are meant to be on.
Robin Sharma

Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
Unknown

There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
Buddha

Constantly seek criticism. A well thought out critique of whatever you're doing is as valuable as gold.
Elon Musk

Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Anne Frank

Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
Marcus Aurelius

To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Elbert Hubbard

I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it.
Vincent van Gogh

Empty yourself of everything - let the mind become still.
Lao Tzu

Nothing will work unless you do.
Maya Angelou

The eyes of others our prisons; their thoughts our cages.
Virginia Woolf

Belief creates the actual fact.
William James

A mountain never yields to the wind no matter how strong it is.
Zen Proverb

It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
Seneca

Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great.
Orison Swett Marden

An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.
Mae West

Life is like underwear, should be changed twice a day.  
Ray Bradbury

Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill

Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Vaclav Havel

Receive without complaint, Work with fate.
Ming-Dao Deng

